#SCALABLE-IN APP NOTIFICATION SYSTEM

#AIM:
	To Build a complete in-app notification system from scratch for sample classroom website.
	
1) Notifications are triggered when
   a) A new course is available for a subset of students
   b) A class wide notification is triggered by the students
   c) When a friend of a student completes a course
   d) A remainder notification when one of enrolled courses is about to start


#DATABASE :
	MySQL database is used.
	1) MySQL is a freely available open source Relational Database Management System (RDBMS) that uses Structured Query Language.
	2) MySQL is an essential part of almost every open source PHP application.
	3) Connecting to a database via PHP is an extremely important step because if your script cannot connect to its database, your queries to the database will fail.
	4) MySQL is released under an open-source license. So you have nothing to pay to use it.
	5) MySQL works very quickly and works well even with large data sets.
	6) MySQL is very friendly to PHP, the most appreciated language for web development.
	
#API:
	1) A new course is available for a subset of students
	   a) An automatic notification is generated by the owner of the id and reached to the subset of students regarding the start of the new course.
	   b) The course has been created, but not yet activated. It is accessible by the primary teacher and domain administrators, who may modify it or change it to the ACTIVE or DECLINED states. A course may only be changed to PROVISIONED if it is in the DECLINED state.
       c) The course has been created, but declined. It is accessible by the course owner and domain administrators, though it will not be displayed in the web UI. You cannot modify the course except to change it to the PROVISIONED state. A course may only be changed to DECLINED if it is in the PROVISIONED state.
	   d) The course has been suspended. You cannot modify the course, and only the user identified by the Owner Id can view the course. A course may be placed in this state if it potentially violates the Terms of Service
	
	2) A class wide notification is triggered by the students
	   a) What this basically boils down to, is when you receive a push message, you can create a notification with some data, then in the notificationclick event you can get the notification that was clicked and get its data.
	   b) An example use case would be a chat application where a user sends multiple messages and the recipient displays multiple notifications. Ideally the web app would be able to notice you have several notifications which haven't been viewed and collapse them down into a single notification.
	   

#DESCRIPTION:

1) The website will contain a index page, where the users can login into their profile page through the authorized credentials.

2) The datas about the user will be displayed in the profile page.

3) All the information about the user will be stored in the database.

4) If the credentials are incorrect then it won't be directed to the profile page.

5) There is a logout button at the bottom of the profile page which redirects to the index page.


# LOGIN CREDENTIALS
  Database Name: epiz_26235835__XXX 
  table name : student
  
     user name:   password:
  1) sabarish     sabarish123
  2) sidharth     sidharth123
  3) servessh     servessh123
  4) monish       monish123
  5) harish       harish123
  6) sainandhan   sainandhan123
  7) suhail       suhail123
  8) rajesh       rajesh123
  9) ashwin       ashwin123
